Reorder RE (#291)
symbiotic-engineering/MDOcean: pubs/renewable-energy-mdo/sections/formulation.tex

\fi

%\subsubsection{Model Checking}
%\hl{todo: check for redundant constraints, monotonicity, etc} \citep{papalambros_principles_2017}.
%It was initially speculated that the structural constraints would always be active, 

\subsection{Interpretation}
\label{remdo:sec:formulation}
Translating raw optimization outputs into meaningful engineering insights is nontrivial and rarely made explicit.
Consistent with MDO as part of the design process, this section outlines the methodology for interpreting optimation and sensitivity results for wave energy, focusing on which design questions can and cannot be addressed by which results.
% maybe instroduce this distinction when discussing choice of DVs vs parameters originally? think of PTO size, structures, and h_fs_clear as dynamic limit setters. maybe cite Pat's book on how parameter sensitivities can be used for factor screening and other things.
We separate parameters by the amount of control the designer has over them and the degree to which their values may vary due to both flexibility and uncertainty.

> ``States of the world'', such as location and use case, have low control and high variation, whereas physical constants, such as gravitational acceleration and water density, have low control and low variation.

Author: ```suggestion
``States of the world,'' such as location and use case, have low control and high variation, whereas physical constants, such as gravitational acceleration and water density, have low control and low variation.
```
